DXStereo: OpenDX module for stereo visualization
Author: Carlos David Suarez Pascal <david.suarez@yahoo.com>
Mentor: Dr. Luis Miguel De la Cruz Salas <luiggi@labvis.unam.mx>
Copyright (2006-2008) David Suarez Pascal
Direccion General de Servicios de Computo Academico,
Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico (http://www.dgsca.unam.mx)


    DESCRIPTION
DXStereo is an OpenDX (http://www.opendx.org) module for active stereo
visualization with quad-buffering. It employs OpenGL and GLUT libraries.
Once compiled and loaded on OpenDX, DXStereo can be employed as another
tool in OpenDX visual programs.
The main window of DXStereo allows basic interaction with the mouse.
Visualization parameters "mode" (mono or stereo) and "IOD" (inter-ocular
distance) can be set.

    USE
Once loaded on OpenDX, DXStereo can be located on the tool palete, below "Rendering".
DXStereo can be employed as any other tool on OpenDX.
DXStereo has 3 input slots: "obj", "mode" and "IOD"
    obj:
        is the object to be rendered and displayed on the DXStereo window. The
	objects is required to have 3D positions, with 'positions', 'conections',
	'colors' and 'normals' components. 'opacity' is supported, but is optional.
    mode:
	sets the rendering and display mode of DXStereo. It can be: "mono" or
	"stereo". "stereo" mode needs hardware support.
    IOD:
	this is the interocular distance, which is crucial in the calculus of the
	left and right views on "stereo" mode.
If you need more help, you can check the detailed view of the DXStereo box on the
OpenDX VPE.


    NOTES
    1) GLUT main loop and OpenDX
GLUT has its own main loop, which make difficult interaction of GLUT-based programs
with 3rd party software. DXStereo has this drawback: once a OpenDX net including the
DXStereo module is run the control never returns to OpenDX executive. This has been
considered as a non-critical bug because DXStereo doesn't produce output.
Once you left DXStereo, it will be needed to restart OpenDX executive from menu:
"Connection->Start server ..."
It has been included in DXStereo an optional forking code which can fork DXStereo as
a new process. To activate this option you can use the flag DXSTEREO_FORK on DXStereo
build.
